it's disgusting that almost every day we
learn of another person being terrorized
well and attacked in their home but
Christ I'd get a bit of bacon carrying
signs and chanting we want justice more
than 2,000 angry Australians delivered a
personal message to Parliament's
doorstep they're fed up with false
promises and sick and tired of living in
fear the bottom line is people want to
know that they have a right to defend
themselves we come from a small country
town and it started happening there and
I just with having a six week old baby I
like to know that I can protect her and
that sweetens safe in our own home I
would say that the politicians in this
country in Australia have missed the
boat entirely and they've harmed a lot
of people who didn't deserve harming
with with their laws and their approach
to it a gun buyback that forced
law-abiding citizens to surrender their
firearms in the nationwide roundup and
meltdown of all semi-automatic firearms
and pump-action rifles and shotguns 640
thousand ordinary conventional firearms
confiscated and destroyed
it was an absolute joke and a tragedy I
actually turned in three firearms and it
looked it broke my heart when it was 14
years of collecting and I can't say it
any other way than that I feel sick I
had to hand them in because if I didn't
I was going to jail isn't there's no
it's about to do that by taking that gun
away from me they've stolen something
from me a right stolen by their
government promising safety in return
for its gun bans but now citizens know
the frightening truth the cost of lost
Liberty can be measured in the loss of
life it's become very very obvious even
to blind ready that the expenditure of
half a billion dollars has done
absolutely nothing to reduce crime it
certainly didn't do what the government
touted it would do which was to reduce
crime it hasn't done that at all in fact
there's been more this has been a lot of
bull and hasn't really done much to help
Society and with its problems cold hard
facts the anti-gun forces can no longer
escape armed robberies have skyrocketed
up 69 percent assaults involving guns
rose 28% gun murders increased 19% and a
new phenomenon home invasions jumped 21%
and increased politicians insists they
can't explain because they're still
trying to legally define what a home
invasion is and what the penalty should
be part of the difficulty is that there
is no clear definition of home invasion
in the law never cease to be amazed at
the ingenuity of lawyers if the
politicians want to pay rise boom that's
done in 20 minutes but to define home
invasion
what a joke I have no trouble at all in
defining what our home invasion is I
think if someone sets their foot inside
your door uninvited they are invading
your home and your privacy and victims
who have survived home invasions don't
need a definition they've lived through
hours of terror arthur field was tied up
his hands and feet
taped his phone lines cut while two
robbers ransacked his house and they
jumped on me and knelt on my chest and
grabbed me around it how could I
immediately started calling out help I
don't know how many men they start
smashing the windows it was a lot of
glass shattering lot of noise outside
and I stood in a kitchen I was trembling
the zavadskys remember thugs running
through their home demanding money and
threatening to kill them mr. Sawatzky
says if he had a firearm the suspects
never would have gotten away do you
understand me you're not white until you
get used cars that never heal citizen is
left powerless but it's criminals who
have been empowered and emboldened by
the new gun laws because the innocent
can't fight back what's happening today
is that the offender the bad guys are
happy to break into somebody's house
they're not frightened to break into
somebody's house while they're at home
citizens deny the way to protect
themselves by a justice system that
won't well my opinion of the legal
system here is it's absolutely which
weak as water I mean it's as they've
just got no backbone that the sentencing
for various crimes is just pathetic and
police who can't they're undermanned and
morale has never been lower it's very
bad at the moment it's never been worse
since 1993 we've had a real decrease in
over 230 sworn police officers in this
state these policemen have joined the
joke police women have joined the job to
go out and do it and they can't even
attend it at breaks or assaults because
there's no vehicle to even get them
there I mean that's just absolutely
ridiculous gun laws that have backfired
on Australians who have been forced to
hide behind bars and deadbolts some are
even installing extensive security
systems because the firearms they still
own that haven't been banned have to be
locked up unloaded and unavailable
I mean get real if I have someone break
in here I've got to go get the bolt get
the right will find the ammunition
somewhere else put it all together and
then defend myself if this other
person's got a firearm is going to
threaten my life
no way it doesn't bloody add up a
political fraud gun bans that haven't
made a difference and gun owners now
struggling to stop a growing momentum
against them the people pushing the
removal of guns from the Australian
society are already saying that's only
the first step publicly that's only the
first step now we want the handguns we
want every other firearm there warning
to Americans don't think it can't happen
to you it can and it already is unless
you as a firearms owner get up your butt
now and start to oppose those that want
to take them up with you right here and
now I would say that within five to ten
years the the restrictions on gun owners
in America will be similar to what
happens in Australia
don't trust your politicians get in
there people on their backs be a member
the NRA be a member at your local don't
love beep at the NRA and never ever ever
give up the freedoms because that's in
the up in the end that's what you've got
if you think you have rights tomorrow
the government will take them away
something I think the Americans have to
be very very careful because you know
their rights will be quickly eroded as
ours have and we don't have a chance in
hell of getting those rights back